Remove extra and inconsistent sentences for windows insider. (#29629)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/grpc/aspnetcore.md

> * IIS&dagger;
> * HTTP.sys&Dagger;

> &dagger;IIS requires .NET 5 and Windows 11 Build 22000 or Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 or later are required to host gRPC services with IIS.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&dagger;IIS requires .NET 5 and Windows 11 Build 22000 or Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 or later to host gRPC services.  
```

> &Dagger;HTTP.sys requires .NET 5 and Windows 11 Build 22000 or Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 or later are required to host gRPC services with HTTP.sys.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
&Dagger;HTTP.sys requires .NET 5 and Windows 11 Build 22000 or Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 or later to host gRPC services.
```

## IIS

> [Internet Information Services (IIS)](xref:host-and-deploy/iis/index) is a flexible, secure and manageable Web Server for hosting web apps, including ASP.NET Core. .NET 5 and Windows Build 20300.1000 or later are required to host gRPC services with IIS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Internet Information Services (IIS)](xref:host-and-deploy/iis/index) is a flexible, secure and manageable Web Server for hosting web apps, including ASP.NET Core. .NET 5 and Windows 11 Build 22000 or Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 or later are required to host gRPC services with IIS.
```

IIS must be configured to use TLS and HTTP/2. For more information, see <xref:host-and-deploy/iis/protocols>.

## HTTP.sys

> [HTTP.sys](xref:fundamentals/servers/httpsys) is a web server for ASP.NET Core that only runs on Windows. .NET 5 and Windows Build 19529 or later are required to host gRPC services with HTTP.sys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[HTTP.sys](xref:fundamentals/servers/httpsys) is a web server for ASP.NET Core that only runs on Windows. .NET 5 and Windows 11 Build 22000 or Windows Server 2022 Build 20348 or later are required to host gRPC services with HTTP.sys.
```
